##  Obstacle Detector for Visually Impaired People
## Introduction
The WHO surveyed and research in 39 countries says that there is about 245 million visually impaired person. Of the 245 million individuals with visual disabilities, about 39 million are blind. The research also indicates that most visually disabled people are from an age group of '50-above.' They face so many difficulties in their everyday lives. One of the most common problems is finding a walkable road. Through this project, I plan to develop an interactive glove (or band) that helps people with visual disabilities move around and encourages them to do their work comfortably. It will wear like a cloth (interactive gloves or band) for blinds. This device improves Blind people's mobility and health, particularly in unknown environments. There are so many consumer items for people with visual impairments but they're all too pricey. We must bear in mind that the world's 2/3 population is not so wealthy to purchase such costly consumer goods. That's motivated me to develop a simple product that can help visually impaired people locate any physical obstacles and surface water. The commodity is going to be so cheap everyone can afford it. There are few studies published on IEEE about this product. They used sensors to sense physical impediments. In the study, this paper utilized an ultrasonic sensor and water sensor. They initially create a device based on Arduino, and in the end, the system analyzes the results based on the distances. Another paper builds a smart stick for the blind. I went through a few research papers to develop my idea and understand their implementation concept. Now I'll apply that expertise to create an interactive glove (band) for visually impaired people in my group.Electricity is one of the most important resources due to its cost and accessibility. There are many electrical power plants in the world. The main focus of these power plants is on supplying the human communities with the required amount of electricity. In this study, I work with a large amount of power plant data. This data set consists of temperature, ambient pressure, relative humidity, exhaust gas vacuum and hourly electrical net energy. The main goal is to predict the net hourly electrical energy from the power plant. 
## Current Status:
1. Prototype 1: Visual circuit diagram with Arduino and ultrasonic sensor in Tinkercad.
2. Prototype 2: Practical implementation of prototype 1 in hardware.
3. Prototype 3: Overcome the hardware problem for prototype 2 and create a visual circuit diagram with Arduino and water sensor in Fritzing.

## Installation:
1. Buy the desired component as described in the detailed report.
2. Buy theSelect the prototype you want to run and follow the visual scenario.
3. Download the code.
4. Insert the code in. Compile, Then upload.